Classical Ballet
Explore the world of ballet.

A Midsummer Night's Dream, Op. 61: Scherzo (Transcr. by Sergueï Rachmaninov) -- Felix Mendelssohn, Bertrand Chamayou -- Mendelssohn: Piano Pieces
Cinderella, Op. 87: 13. Summer Fairy -- Sergei Prokofiev, Cleveland Orchestra, Vladimir Ashkenazy -- Prokofiev: Cinderella/Glazunov: The Seasons
Coppélia / Tableau 3: No. 20 Fête de la cloche: 7a) La paix -- Léo Delibes, Ron Golan, Orchestre de la Suisse Romande, Richard Bonynge -- Delibes: Coppélia/Massenet: Le Carillon
Coppélia: Coppélia, Act I: Valse Lente -- Léo Delibes, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Mark Ermler -- Delibes: Coppelia (Highlights)
Delibes: Sylvia: Act III. Cortège de Bacchus -- Léo Delibes, San Francisco Symphony, Michael Tilson Thomas -- Masterpieces in Miniature
El amor brujo: Danza ritual del fuego, para ahuyentar los malos espíritus -- Manuel de Falla, Orchestre Symphonique de Montréal, Charles Dutoit -- Falla: El sombrero de tres picos; El amor brujo
Faust, Ballet Music (1869): 6. Variations du miroir (Allegretto) -- Charles Gounod, Berliner Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan -- Famous Ballet Music
Gayaneh, Ballet Suite: Gayaneh's Adagio -- Aram Khachaturian, Bolshoi Theatre Orchestra, Yevgeny Svetlanov -- Khachaturian: Ballet Suites
Gaîté parisienne: Barcarolle -- Jacques Offenbach, Berliner Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan -- Offenbach: Overtures
Giselle / Act 2: Grand pas de deux: Adage -- Adolphe Adam, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Richard Bonynge -- Adam: Giselle
Gluck: Orfeo ed Euridice, Wq. 30, Act 2: Balletto -- Christoph Willibald Gluck, Raymond Leppard, London Philharmonic Orchestra -- 40 Most Beautiful Ballet Classics
La fille mal gardée / Act 1: 17a. Clog Dance -- Ferdinand Hérold, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, John Lanchbery -- Ballet Highlights - The Nutcracker, Romeo & Juliet, Swan Lake
La Gioconda / Act 3: Dance Of The Hours -- Amilcare Ponchielli, Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra, Neeme Järvi -- Ballet Highlights - The Nutcracker, Romeo & Juliet, Swan Lake
La Revue de cuisine: 2. Tango -- Bohuslav Martinů, Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra, Christopher Hogwood -- Martinu: Sinfonietta 'La Jolla'/La revue de cuisine, etc.
La Vierge / Scene 4: The Assumption: Le dernier sommeil de la Vièrge (The Last Sleep of the Virgin) -- Jules Massenet, The New Symphony Orchestra Of London, Raymond Agoult -- Clair de Lune - Orchestral Favourites; Waldteufel - Waltzes
Le roi de Lahore, Opera in five Acts: Entr'acte Act V & Adagio & Waltz, Ballet Act III -- Jules Massenet, London Symphony Orchestra, Richard Bonynge -- Fête de Ballet
Les Sylphides: 2. Nocturne, Op. 32, No. 2 -- Frédéric Chopin, National Philharmonic Orchestra, Richard Bonynge -- Fête de Ballet
Les Sylphides: 7. Valse in C♯ minor, Op. 64, No. 2 -- Frédéric Chopin, Berliner Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan -- Ballet Highlights - The Nutcracker, Romeo & Juliet, Swan Lake
Masquerade - Ballet Suite: 1. Waltz -- Aram Khachaturian, London Symphony Orchestra, Stanley Black -- Khachaturian: Piano Concerto/Violin Concerto, etc.
Matinées musicales, Op. 24: 2. Nocturne -- Benjamin Britten, National Philharmonic Orchestra, Richard Bonynge -- Britten:The Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra; Four Sea Interludes etc
Minkus: Don Quixote, Act 3: II. Adage -- Ludwig Minkus, Robert Irving, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra -- Pas de Deux
Polovetsian Dances from Prince Igor: Introduzione -- Alexander Borodin, George Szell, Cleveland Orchestra -- Mussorgsky: Pictures at an Exhibition - Expanded Edition
Prokofiev: Cinderella, Op. 87, Act 1: No. 12, Spring Fairy -- Sergei Prokofiev, André Previn, London Symphony Orchestra -- Prokofiev: Cinderella, Op. 87 - Glazunov: Suite from Raymonda, Op. 57a
Prokofiev: Romeo and Juliet, Op. 64, Act 1, Scene 2: Young Juliet -- Sergei Prokofiev, André Previn, London Symphony Orchestra -- Prokofiev: Romeo and Juliet
Rodeo: 4 Dance Episodes: No. 4. Hoe-Down -- Aaron Copland, Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra -- Copland: Prairie Journal / The Red Pony Suite / Letter From Home
Spartacus (1968 Bolshoi version) (arr. Y. Grigorovich): Act III: Adagio of Spartacus and Phrygia -- Yuri Grigorovich, Aram Khachaturian, RIAS Kammerchor, Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin, Michail Jurowski -- Khachaturian, A.I.: Spartacus [Ballet]
Sylvia, Suite: 3. Pizzicati -- Léo Delibes, Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra, Neeme Järvi -- Ballet Highlights - The Nutcracker, Romeo & Juliet, Swan Lake
Tahiti Trot -- Vincent Youmans, Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, Riccardo Chailly -- Shostakovich: The Jazz Album
Tchaikovsky: Swan Lake, Op. 20, Act II: No. 10, Scene. Moderato -- Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, André Previn, London Symphony Orchestra -- Tchaikovsky: Swan Lake
Tchaikovsky: The Nutcracker, Op. 71, Act II: No. 13, Waltz of the Flowers -- Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Berliner Philharmoniker, Sir Simon Rattle -- Tchaikovsky: The Nutcracker
The Firebird: Scene 1: The Firebird's Lullaby -- Igor Stravinsky, City Of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra, Andris Nelsons -- Stravinsky: The Firebird & A Symphony of Psalms
The Nutcracker, Op. 71, TH.14 / Act 2: No. 12b Coffee (Arabian Dance) -- Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Mariinsky Orchestra, Valery Gergiev -- Tchaikovsky: The Nutcracker
The Sleeping Beauty (Suite), Op. 66a, TH. 234: IV. Panorama. Andantino -- Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Berliner Philharmoniker, Mstislav Rostropovich -- Tchaikovsky: Ballet Suites
The Sleeping Beauty, Op. 66, TH 13 / Act 1: 6. Valse -- Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, Antal Doráti -- Tchaikovsky: The Sleeping Beauty
