This Is Trentemøller
Immerse yourself in the dark and beautiful sound of Trentemøller.

... Even Though You're With Another Girl - Live in Copenhagen -- trentemøller -- Live In Copenhagen
Blue Hotel -- trentemøller -- My Dreams
Candy Tongue - Jenny Wilson Version -- trentemøller, Jenny Wilson -- Lost Reworks
Come Undone - Trentemøller Remix -- trentemøller -- Lost Reworks
Deceive feat. Sune Rose Wagner -- trentemøller -- Lost
Gravity (feat. Jana Hunter) -- trentemøller, Jana Hunter -- Gravity (feat. Jana Hunter)
Hands Down (Trentemøller’s Blissed Out Mix) -- trentemøller, jennylee -- Hands Down (feat. jennylee)
I Celebrate My Life (Trentemøller Remix) -- Kira Skov, trentemøller -- I Celebrate My Life (Trentemøller Remix)
In The Garden -- trentemøller, Lina Tullgren -- In The Garden
Me Me Me - Trentemøller Remix -- Lars, The Hands of Light, trentemøller -- Reworked/Remixed
Midnight City - Trentemoller Remix -- M83 -- Midnight City (Remix EP)
Miss You -- trentemøller -- The Last Resort
Moan - Trentemøller Remix -- trentemøller -- Moan
Nam Nam -- trentemøller -- Nam Nam EP
November -- trentemøller -- Fixion
One Eye Open (Trentemøller Rework) -- trentemøller -- One Eye Open
Redefine -- trentemøller -- Redefine
River in Me -- trentemøller -- River in Me
River Of LIfe feat. Ghost Society -- trentemøller -- Lost
Rykketid -- trentemøller -- Physical Fraction
Shades Of Marble -- trentemøller -- Into The Great Wide Yonder
Sleeper -- trentemøller -- Sleeper
Springsteen - Trentemøller Remix -- I Got You On Tape, Anders Trentemøller -- Church of the Real
Still On Fire -- trentemøller -- Lost
Sycamore Feeling -- trentemøller -- Into The Great Wide Yonder
Take Me Into Your Skin -- trentemøller -- The Last Resort
The Answer - Trentemøller Remix -- UNKLE, trentemøller -- Reworked/Remixed
The Dream feat. Low -- trentemøller -- Lost
The Forest -- trentemøller -- Early Worx
The Mash And The Fury -- trentemøller -- Into The Great Wide Yonder
The Mole (Trentemøller Remix) -- Chimes & Bells, trentemøller -- Late Night Tales: Trentemøller
Tide -- trentemøller -- Into The Great Wide Yonder
Too Insistent - Trentemøller Remix -- The Dø, trentemøller -- Reworked/Remixed
Transformer Man -- trentemøller -- Transformer Man
What Else Is There? - Trentemoller Remix -- Röyksopp -- What Else Is There?