Top Latin Classical
Immerse yourself in the brilliant sounds of Latin composers.

"West Side Story" - Symphonic Dances: IV. Mambo - Live At Centro de Acción Social por la Música, Sala Simón Bolivar, Caracas / 2008 -- Leonard Bernstein, Simón Bolívar Youth Orchestra of Venezuela, Gustavo Dudamel -- Fiesta
2 Apunts (2 Sketches): No. 1. — -- Roberto Gerhard, Jordi Masó -- Maso, Jordi: Catalan Piano Album (The)
24 Interludes: No. 13. Notturno in Bali -- Jesús Rueda, Ananda Sukarlan -- Rueda, J.: Piano Music (Sukarlan) - Piano Sonatas Nos. 1, 2 / 24 Interludes / Invenciones (Excerpts) / Mephisto
Barroso: Brazil -- Ary Barroso, Quatuor Ébène, Brazil Choir, Brazil String Orchestra, Mino Cinelu, Richard Héry, Stéphane Logerot -- Brazil
Cafe de la Musique, tango pour Claude -- Gerardo Gandini, Claude Delangle, Max Bonnay, Odile Catelin-Delangle, Jean Geoffroy, Eric Chalan -- Tango Music: Tango Futur
Cantata criolla, "Florentino, el que canto con el Diablo": I. Lento e cadencioso -- Antonio Estévez, Idwer Alvarez, William Alvarado, Schola Cantorum de Caracas, Orfeon Universitario Simon Bolivar, Simón Bolívar Symphony Orchestra Of Venezuela, Eduardo Mata -- Estevez, A.: Cantata Criolla, "Florentino, El Que Canto Con El Diablo" / Villa-Lobos, H.: Choros No. 10, "Rasga O Coracao"
Cançons Populars: Cançons Populars: El Testament d'Amèlia -- Miguel Llobet Solés, Franz Halász -- Cançons i Danses Catalanes
Castillos de Espana II: Torija (Elegia) -- Federico Moreno Torroba, Pablo Sainz Villegas -- Guitar Recital: Pablo Sainz Villegas
Chapultepec -- Higinio Ruvalcaba, Anabel Medrano, Ensamble Centenario -- Música Mexicana de Salón Con Salterio: Finales del Siglo Xix y Principios del Siglo Xx
Concertino para guitarra y orquesta en la menor op.72: 2. Romanza. Andante -- Salvador Bacarisse, Narciso Yepes, Orquesta Sinfonica de la Radio Television Espanola, Odon Alonso -- Rodrigo: Concierto de Aranjuez; Concierto madrigal / Bacarisse: Concertino
Concerto for 4 Guitars & Orchestra: VI. — -- Juan Trigos, Dieter Hennings Yeomans, gonzalo salazar, Leopoldo Saracino, Emanuele Segre, Orchestra Sinfonica Tito Schipa -- Trigos: Clarinet Concerto, Concerto for Four Guitars and Danza Concertante
Concierto de Aranjuez for Guitar and Orchestra: 2. Adagio -- Joaquín Rodrigo, Pepe Romero, Christine Pendrill, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, Sir Neville Marriner -- Villa-Lobos & Castelnuovo-Tedesco Guitar Concertos; Rodrigo: Sones En La Giralda
Concierto Para Arpa y Orquesta, Op. 25: III. Liberamente capriccioso - Vivace -- Alberto Ginastera, Magdalena Barrera, Orquesta Ciudad De Granada, Josep Pons -- Ginastera: Estancia, Variaciones concertantes & Concierto para arpa
Concierto para bandoneón: I. Allegro marcato -- Pablo Mainetti, Orquestra De Cambra Teatre Lliure, Josep Pons -- Piazzolla: Bandonéon Concerto; Tangos
Conjuros (Incantations), Op. 3: El primogenito del cielo y de la tierra (The First-Born of Heaven and Earth) -- Roberto García Morillo, Marcela Fiorillo -- Piano Works by Argentine Composers, Vol. 1
Corta-Jaca -- Chiquinha Gonzaga, Luciana Soares -- Brasileira: Piano Music by Brazilian Women
Dan-Son -- Enrico Chapela, Cuarteto de Guitarras de la Ciudad de México -- Sones y Danzones de Buena Madera
Danzón No. 2 - Live At Centro de Acción Social por la Música, Sala Simón Bolivar, Caracas / 2008 -- Arturo Márquez, Simón Bolívar Youth Orchestra of Venezuela, Gustavo Dudamel -- Discoveries
Diferencias Sobre el Canto de "La Dama le Demanda" -- Antonio de Cabezón, Doulce Mémoire, Denis Raisin-Dadre -- Cabezón: Obras de Musica
El tarco en flor -- Luis Gianneo, Entre Rios Symphony Orchestra, Gabriel Castagna -- Buchardo / Aguirre / Piazzolla / Gianneo / Guastavino / Giudice: Orchestral Works
Encantamiento (version for flute and harp) -- Daniel Catán, Alejandro Vazquez, Ruth Bennett -- Concert d'aujourd hui
Estrellita -- Manuel Ponce, David Russell -- Sonidos Latinos
Gardel: Por una cabeza -- Carlos Gardel, Michel Plasson, Orchestre Du Capitole De Toulouse, Julio Oscar Pane, Raul Garello, José Alberto Giaimo, Wolff -- Carlos Gardel: 15 Tangos, Garello
Graciela y Buenos Aires -- Camerata Bariloche -- Piazzolla, A.: Suite Punta Del Este / Bragato, J.: Graciela Y Buenos Aires / Arizaga, R.: Passacaglia
Guaracha: Convidando está la noche -- Juan Garcia de Zespedes, Andrew Lawrence-King, The Harp Consort -- Missa Mexicana
Guitar Concerto, W501: I. Allegro preciso -- Heitor Villa-Lobos, André Previn, London Symphony Orchestra -- Villa-Lobos: Guitar Concerto, W501 & 5 Preludes, W419
Guitar Concerto: I. Allegro -- Eugenio Toussaint, Jaime Marquez, Camerata de las Américas, Jesus Medina -- Toussaint, E.: Gauguin / Guitar Concerto / Bouillabaisse
Harmonica Concerto: I. Allegro moderato -- Heitor Villa-Lobos, Tommy Reilly, WDR Sinfonieorchester Köln, Emmerich Smola -- Spivakovsky / Arnold / Villa-Lobos: Harmonica Concertos
Huapango (1941) -- José Pablo Moncayo, Alondra de la Parra, Philharmonic Orchestra of the Americas -- My Mexican Soul
La Malagueña -- Elpidio Ramírez/Pedro Galindo -- Sentimiento Ranchero
La Pasión según San Marcos: 26. Lúa descolorida (Aria de las lágrimas de Pedro) -- Osvaldo Golijov, Jessica Rivera, Members of the Simón Bolívar Youth Orchestra of Venezuela, María Guinand, Orquesta La Pasión -- Golijov: La Pasión según San Marcos
La tabernera del puerto / Act 2: "No puede ser" - Live -- Pablo Sorozábal, Plácido Domingo, Orchestra Del Teatro Dell'Opera Di Roma, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, Zubin Mehta -- The Art Of Plácido Domingo
Military Tap -- Mariano Mores, Victor Villadangos -- Tango Argentino
Milonga Del Angel -- Astor Piazzolla -- Tango: Zero Hour
Misa Criolla: 1. Kyrie -- Ariel Ramírez, José Carreras, Domingo Cura, Jorge Padin, Coral Salvé de Laredo, Sociedad Coral de Bilbao, José Luis Ocejo -- Ramirez: Missa Criolla; Navidad Nuestra; Navidad en Verano
Misa Criolla: 2. Gloria (carnavalito-yaraví) -- Ariel Ramírez, José Carreras, Arsenio Zambrano, Domingo Cura, Jorge Padin, Coral Salvé de Laredo, Sociedad Coral de Bilbao, José Luis Ocejo, Grupo Huancara -- Missa Criolla / Misa Luba / Missa Flamenca
Nereidas -- Orquesta Salón México -- 20 Danzones del Salón México
O magnum mysterium -- Tomás Luis de Victoria, Carlos Mena, Juan Carlos Rivera -- Victoria: Et Jesum, Motets for Solo Voice
Officium defunctorum: Parce mihi Domine: Parce mihi Domine -- Cristobal de Morales, The Monteverdi Choir, John Eliot Gardiner -- Choral Recital: Monteverdi Choir - Morales / Victoria, T.L. / Clements Non Papa / Mouton (Pilgrimage To Santiago)
Ponce: Balada Mexicana -- Manuel Ponce, Daniela Liebman -- Daniela Liebman
Revueltas: Ventanas -- Silvestre Revueltas, Enrique Bátiz, Orquesta Filarmónica de la Ciudad de México, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra -- Mexican Classical Composers
Se Me Hizo Facil (It Was Easy for Me) -- Agustín Lara, Kronos Quartet -- Nuevo
Sensemayá - Live At Centro de Acción Social por la Música, Sala Simón Bolivar, Caracas / 2008 -- Silvestre Revueltas, Simón Bolívar Youth Orchestra of Venezuela, Gustavo Dudamel -- Fiesta
Sobre las olas (Over the Waves) -- Juventino Rosas, Mexico Festival Orchestra, Enrique Bátiz -- Strauss Ii / Lehar / Tchaikovsky: Great Waltzes
Soli II for Wind Quintet: I. Preludio -- Carlos Chávez, Southwest Chamber Music -- Complete Chamber Works of Carlos Chavez, Vol. 2
String Quartet No. 2, Op. 26: I. Allegro rustico -- Alberto Ginastera, Cuarteto Latinoamericano -- Ginastera: Complete String Quartets
Tango brasileiro -- Alexandre Levy, Clelia Iruzun -- Latin American Dances
The Motorcycle Diaries OST: De Ushuaia ala Quiaca -- Gustavo Santaolalla, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Vals Poetico: Vals poetico: Vals de salon -- Felipe Villanueva, Jorge Federico Osorio -- Salon Mexicano
Violin Concerto Op.11: 3rd movement: Allegro vivace -- Rodolfo Halffter, Henryk Szeryng, Alfonso Moreno, Enrique Bátiz -- Musica Mexicana Vol. 3: Halffter, Moncayo, Ponce, Revueltas
