Raaja Rules 90s
Here comes the Maestro with his best of 90s!

Aagaya Vennilavae -- Uma Ramanan, K. J. Yesudas -- Arangetra Velai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Aasai Athigam -- S. Janaki -- Marupadiyum (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Aasai Machaan -- Swarnalatha, Arunmozhi -- Kummi Paattu (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Aattama Therottama -- Swarnalatha -- Captain Prabhakaran (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Adi Maana Madhuraiyile -- S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, S. Janaki -- Koyil Kaalai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Allah Un Aanai -- Ilaiyaraaja, Unnikrishnan, Preethi Uttamsingh -- Nambirajanin Chandralekha (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Amma Amma - Male Version -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam -- Uzhaippali (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Anantha Kuyilin Pattu -- Malaysia Vasudevan, Surendar, Arunmozhi, K. S. Chithra, Deepika -- Kadalukku Mariyadai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Anjali Anjali -- Sathya, Karthikraja, Yuvan Shankar Raja, Bhavatharini, Venkat Prabhu, Premgi Amaren, Parthi Bhaskar, Hari Bhaskar, Vaishnavi -- Anjali (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Annan Enna Thambi Enna -- K. J. Yesudas -- Dharma Durai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Arachcha Santhanam -- S. P. Balasubrahmanyam -- Chinna Thambi (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Azhagaana Manjappura -- Mano, S. Janaki -- Ellame En Rasathan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Chinna Chinna Sol Eduthu -- Ilaiyaraaja, K. J. Yesudas, S. Janaki -- Rajakumaran (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Chinna Chinna Thooral -- S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Anuradha Sriram -- Senthamizh Paattu (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Chinna rasavae -- Ilaiyaraaja -- Wings, Vol. 1
Deepangal Pesum -- Sandhya, S. P. B. Charan -- Devadai
Dhevadhai Pol -- Deepan Chakravarthy, Mano, Malaysia Vasudevan, S. N. Surendar -- Gopura Vasalile (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Dillu Baru Jaane -- Mano, K. S. Chithra -- Kalaingnan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Empattu Empaattu -- Ilaiyaraaja -- Poomani
En Mana Vaanil -- Hariharan -- Kaasi
En Veetu Jannal (From "Raman Abdullah") -- Bhavatharini, Arunmozhi -- Singers Special - Bhavatharini
Endhan Nenjil -- K. J. Yesudas, S. Janaki -- Kalaingnan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Ennai Thalatta Varuvala -- Ilaiyaraaja -- Kadalukku Mariyadai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Ennai Thottu -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Swarnalatha -- Unna Ninachen Paatu Padichen (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Ennavendru Solvathamma -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam -- Rajakumaran (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Ettanaa -- Vadivelu -- Ellame En Rasathan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Ilavenirkala -- Hariharan, Bhavatharini -- Manam Virumbuthe Unnai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Iravu Nilavu -- S. Janaki, Karthikraja, Yuvan Shankar Raja, Bhavatharini, Venkat Prabhu, Premgi Amaren, Parthi Bhaskar, Hari Bhaskar -- Anjali (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Isaiyil Thodanguthamma -- Ajai Chakravarthi -- Heyram (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Kadhal Kavithaigal -- S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, K. S. Chithra -- Gopura Vasalile (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Konji Konji -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam -- Veera (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Kuyil Paattu (Happy) -- Swarnalatha -- En Rasavin Manasile (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Maalai Yen Vedhanai -- Ilaiyaraaja, Unnikrishnan, Arunmozhi -- Sethu (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Maalayil Yaro Manathodu -- Swarnalatha -- Chatriyan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Maanam Idi Idikka -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, S. Janaki -- Unna Ninachen Paatu Padichen (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Maasi Masam Alana Ponnu -- K. J. Yesudas, Swarnalatha -- Dharma Durai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Malare Thendral Paad -- Ilaiyaraaja, K. J. Yesudas -- Veetla Visheshanga (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Marugo Marugo -- Kamal Haasan, K. S. Chithra -- Sathi Leelavathi (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Masthana Masthana -- Arunmozhi, Bhavatharini -- Raasaiyya (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Muthamizhe Muthamizhea (From Raman Abdullah) -- S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, K. S. Chithra -- S.P.B Hits at Ilayaraja Music
Muthu Mani -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, S. Janaki -- Adharmam (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Naan Kaanum -- Hariharan -- Kaasi
Nandri Sollave Unaku -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Swarnalatha -- Udan Pirappu (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Nee Partha -- Hariharan, Asha Bhosle -- Heyram (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Nenjukkule Innarendru -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, S. Janaki -- Ponnumani (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
O Baby -- Vijay, Bhavatharini -- Kadalukku Mariyadai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Oru Kola Kili -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, K. S. Chithra -- Uzhaippali (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Oru Maina -- Ilaiyaraaja, Mano, K. S. Chithra -- Uzhaippali (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Oru Pattam Poochi -- K. J. Yesudas, Sujatha -- Kadalukku Mariyadai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Oru Sandhana Kaattukkulle -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. Janaki -- Ellame En Rasathan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Paarijatha Poove -- S. N. Surendar, K. S. Chithra -- En Rasavin Manasile (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Paartha Vizhi -- K. J. Yesudas -- Ilaiyaraaja: Janani
Paatha Kolusu -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam -- Thirumathi Palanisaamy (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Pen Manasu Azham Endru -- Ilaiyaraaja -- En Rasavin Manasile (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Poovoma Oorgolam -- Swarnalatha, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam -- Chinna Thambi (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Rum Bum Bum Arambum -- S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, K. S. Chithra -- Michael Madana Kama Rajan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Sempoove Poove -- Ilaiyaraaja, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, K. S. Chithra -- Sirai Chalai (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Siva Rathiri -- K. S. Chithra, Mano -- Michael Madana Kama Rajan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Sri Ranga Ranganathanin -- S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Uma Ramanan, Shobana -- Mahanadhi (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Sundari -- S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, S. Janaki -- Thalapathi
Sundhari Neeyum Sundharan Njanum -- Kamal Haasan, S. Janaki -- Michael Madana Kama Rajan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Thalattum Poongkaatru -- S. Janaki -- Gopura Vasalile (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Thendral Vanthu Theendumbothu -- Ilaiyaraaja, Manivannan -- Avatharam (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Tholmele Tholmele -- Ilaiyaraaja -- Poomani
Thooliyile Ada Vantha - Male Version -- Mano -- Chinna Thambi (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Uzhaippali Illatha -- Ilaiyaraaja, Mano -- Uzhaippali (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Vechalum Vekkama Ponnalum -- Malaysia Vasudevan, S. Janaki -- Michael Madana Kama Rajan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Ye Rasaathi -- Ilaiyaraaja, Malaysia Vasudevan, K. S. Chithra -- En Uyir Thozhan (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
