This is MILOŠ
This is MILOŠ. The essential tracks, all in one playlist.

1. Evocación - José Luis Merlin -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Sound Of Silence
24 Piezas sudamericanas: Milonga -- Jorge Augusto Dias Cardoso, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
3. Milonga - Máximo Diego Pujol -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Sound Of Silence
Adelita -- Francisco Tárrega, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
All My Loving -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
And I Love Her -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Bachianas brasileias: Aria (Cantilena) -- Heitor Villa-Lobos, Miloš Karadaglić, Anna Prohaska -- Latino Gold
Besame mucho -- Consuelo Velázquez, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Blackbird -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Bolero -- Maurice Ravel, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Canción de Cuna (Berceuse) - Leo Brouwer -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Sound Of Silence
Capricho Arabe Serenata -- Francisco Tárrega, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Catalan Folk Songs: El testament d'Amelia -- Miguel Llobet Solés, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Cenas Brasileiras: Batacuda -- Isaias Savio, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Come Together -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Concierto de Aranjuez for Guitar and Orchestra: 1. Allegro con spirito -- Joaquín Rodrigo, Miloš Karadaglić, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Yannick Nézet-Séguin -- Aranjuez
Concierto de Aranjuez for Guitar and Orchestra: 2. Adagio -- Joaquín Rodrigo, Miloš Karadaglić, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Yannick Nézet-Séguin -- Aranjuez
Concierto de Aranjuez for Guitar and Orchestra: 3. Allegro gentile -- Joaquín Rodrigo, Miloš Karadaglić, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Yannick Nézet-Séguin -- Aranjuez
Danza Brasilera -- Jorge Morel, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Danza del Molinero ("El Sombrero de Tres Picos") -- Manuel de Falla, Miloš Karadaglić -- Aranjuez
Danzas españolas, Op.37: No.2 Oriental -- Enrique Granados, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Danzas españolas, Op.37: No.5 Andaluza -- Enrique Granados, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Eleanor Rigby -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Endecha – Francisco Tárrega -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Sound Of Silence
Epitaphs: 3. A Day In May -- Mikis Theodorakis, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Epitaphs: 4. You Have Set, My Star -- Mikis Theodorakis, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Famous Blue Raincoat (Arr. Metcalfe, Foster) -- Miloš Karadaglić, 12 Ensemble, Katherine Tinker -- Sound Of Silence
Fantasía para un gentilhombre for Guitar and Small Orchestra: 1. Villano y Ricercare (Adagietto - Andante moderato) -- Joaquín Rodrigo, Miloš Karadaglić, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Yannick Nézet-Séguin -- Aranjuez
Fantasía para un gentilhombre for Guitar and Small Orchestra: 2. Españoleta y Fanfare de la Caballería de Nápoles -- Joaquín Rodrigo, Miloš Karadaglić, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Yannick Nézet-Séguin -- Aranjuez
Fantasía para un gentilhombre for Guitar and Small Orchestra: 3. Danza de las hachas -- Joaquín Rodrigo, Miloš Karadaglić, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Yannick Nézet-Séguin -- Aranjuez
Fantasía para un gentilhombre for Guitar and Small Orchestra: 4. Canario -- Joaquín Rodrigo, Miloš Karadaglić, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Yannick Nézet-Séguin -- Aranjuez
Here Comes The Sun -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Here, There & Everywhere -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Homenaje pour le Tombeau de Claude Debussy -- Manuel de Falla, Miloš Karadaglić -- Aranjuez
Ink Dark Moon: II. Largo flessibile -- Joby Talbot, Miloš Karadaglić, BBC Symphony Orchestra, Ben Gernon -- Talbot: Ink Dark Moon: II. Largo flessibile
Invocación y danza: Invocación y danza -- Joaquín Rodrigo, Miloš Karadaglić -- Aranjuez
Jeux Interdits: Spanish Romance (Arr. for Guitar and Orchestra) -- Anonymous, Miloš Karadaglić, English Chamber Orchestra, Paul Watkins -- Mediterráneo
Kinderszenen, Op. 15: Träumerei (Arr. Lewin for Guitar) -- Robert Schumann, Miloš Karadaglić -- Schumann: Kinderszenen, Op. 15: Träumerei (Arr. Lewin for Guitar)
Koyunbaba, Op. 19: 1. Moderato -- Carlo Domeniconi, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Koyunbaba, Op. 19: 2. Mosso -- Carlo Domeniconi, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Koyunbaba, Op. 19: 3. Cantabile -- Carlo Domeniconi, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Koyunbaba, Op. 19: 4. Presto -- Carlo Domeniconi, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Lagrima -- Francisco Tárrega, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Let It Be -- Miloš Karadaglić, Gregory Porter -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Libertango - Latino Gold Version -- Astor Piazzolla, Miloš Karadaglić, Ksenija Sidorova, Studioorchester der Europäischen FilmPhilharmonie, Christoph Israel -- Latino Gold
Life For Rent (Arr. Metcalfe) -- Miloš Karadaglić, 12 Ensemble, Katherine Tinker -- Sound Of Silence
Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds -- Miloš Karadaglić, Anoushka Shankar -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Mas que nada -- Jorge Ben Jor, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Michelle -- Miloš Karadaglić, Steven Isserlis -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Moving Mountains (Arr. Metcalfe, Ryan) -- Miloš Karadaglić, 12 Ensemble, Katherine Tinker -- Sound Of Silence
Nana (Transcr. Llobet, Pujol) - Manuel de Falla -- Miloš Karadaglić, Jess Gillam -- Sound Of Silence
Nights in White Satin (Arr. Hale, Delago, Assad) -- Miloš Karadaglić, 12 Ensemble, Manu Delago -- Sound Of Silence
Oblivion -- Astor Piazzolla, Miloš Karadaglić, Studioorchester der Europäischen FilmPhilharmonie, Christoph Israel -- Latino Gold
Oremus - Francisco Tárrega -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Sound Of Silence
Over The Rainbow (Arr. Takemitsu) -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Sound Of Silence
Por una cabeza -- Carlos Gardel, Alfredo Le Pera, Miloš Karadaglić, Studioorchester der Europäischen FilmPhilharmonie, Christoph Israel -- Latino Gold
Prelude No. 1 in E minor for Guitar -- Heitor Villa-Lobos, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Quintet No. 4 for Guitar and Strings in D G.448 - "Fandango": 4. Fandango -- Luigi Boccherini, Miloš Karadaglić, English Chamber Orchestra, Paul Watkins -- Mediterráneo
Quizás, quizás, quizás -- Osvaldo Farrés, Miloš Karadaglić, Studioorchester der Europäischen FilmPhilharmonie, Christoph Israel -- Latino Gold
Recuerdos De La Alhambra -- Francisco Tárrega, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Scherzino Mexicano -- Manuel Ponce, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
She's Leaving Home -- Miloš Karadaglić, Tori Amos -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Solitude (Arr. Campbell) - Jorge Calandrelli -- Miloš Karadaglić, Jess Gillam -- Sound Of Silence
Something -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Somos Novios -- Armando Manzanero, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Sonata No. 3: 2. Canción. Andante -- Manuel Ponce, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Sour Times (arr. Metcalfe, Assad) -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Sound Of Silence
Street Spirit (Fade Out) (Arr. Metcalfe, Ryan) -- Miloš Karadaglić, 12 Ensemble -- Sound Of Silence
Suite española, Op.47: No. 3 Sevilla -- Isaac Albéniz, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Suite española, Op.47: No.1 Granada -- Isaac Albéniz, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Suite española, Op.47: No.5 Asturias -- Isaac Albéniz, Miloš Karadaglić -- Mediterráneo
Tango en Skaï -- Roland Dyens, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
The Book Of Love (Arr. Hale) -- Miloš Karadaglić, 12 Ensemble, Katherine Tinker -- Sound Of Silence
The Fool On The Hill -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
The Forest: II. -- Howard Shore, Miloš Karadaglić, National Arts Centre Orchestra, Alexander Shelley -- Shore: The Forest: II.
The Girl From Ipanema -- Antônio Carlos Jobim, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
The Motorcycle Diaries OST: De Ushuaia ala Quiaca -- Gustavo Santaolalla, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
The Sound Of Silence (Arr. Lawson, Trueman) -- Miloš Karadaglić, 12 Ensemble -- Sound Of Silence
Theme From Stephen Ward -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Theme From Stephen Ward
Un dia de noviembre -- Leo Brouwer, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Un Sueño en la Floresta -- Agustín Barrios Mangoré, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
Una limosna por el amor de Dios -- Agustín Barrios Mangoré, Miloš Karadaglić -- Latino Gold
While My Guitar Gently Weeps -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
Yesterday -- Miloš Karadaglić -- Blackbird - The Beatles Album
