Carnatic Instrumental
Instrumental selections from the South Indian school of music.

Alaap & Melody: Ragaabheri (Rupaka - Aditala) / Raga Bhimplasi (Ektaal - Teentaal) -- Kadri Gopalnath, V Narasinhalu Wadvati -- Jugalbandi
Ananda Nadamadum Tillai Sankara -- L. Shankar -- Who's To Know - Indian Classical Music
Annapoorne Visalakshi (Raga: Sama; Tala: Adi) -- Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar -- Annapoorne Visalakshi - Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar
Ayarpadi -- Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Veena Gana Murali
Ayigiri Nandini -- Tyagaraja, K. S. G. Somanathan -- Mangala Naadaswaram - For Marriages And Auspicious Functions
Bhagyada Lakshmi Baramma - Instrumental -- Veena Srivani -- Bhagyada Lakshmi Baramma (Instrumental) - Single
Bho Shambho - Instrumental -- Phani Narayana -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Brochevarevarurar -- A. Kanyakumari -- Strings Of Harmony - Violin On 3 Octaves
Charukesi (Violin Solo) -- Apoorva Krishna -- Apoorva Thillanas
Chinnanchiru Kiliye -- Phani Narayana -- Amazing Veena
Endharo Mahanubhavulu - Sri - Adi -- Flute J A Jayant -- Pancharatna Kritis - A Flute Duet
Enna Thavam Seithanai - Instrumental -- Ramachandra Murthy -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Ghana Ragamalika Tanam -- Doraiswamy Iyengar -- The Best of Carnatic Instrumental
Gnana Vinayakane Gambheera Natai Adi Papanasam Sivan Saxopho -- Kadri Gopalnath -- South Indian Classical Music
Hamir Kalyani (Violin Solo) -- Apoorva Krishna -- Apoorva Thillanas
Himagirithanaye - Shudha Dhanyasi - Adi -- Tripunithura Krishnadas, Balakrishna Kamath, Manjoor Renjith, Gopinatha Prabhu -- Edakka Kacheri (Instrumental - Edakka)
Jagadhanandha karaka - Nattai - Adi -- Flute J A Jayant -- Pancharatna Kritis - A Flute Duet
Jagadhodharana -- Anayampatti Ganesan -- Entharo Mahanu Bhavulu
Jagadodharana (Kadri Gopalnath-Sax) -- Vadya Sangamam -- Vadya Sangamam
Kaakkai Siraginile -- Rajhesh Vaidhya -- Bharatiyaar Songs - Veena
Kandhasashti Kavacham - Instrumental -- Bhavyalakshmi -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Krishna Nee Begane Baro - Instrumental -- Ramachandra Murthy, Sai Madhukar -- Krishna's Flute - Devotional Instrumentals
Krishnanee Begane - Ragam: Yaman / Talam: Mishra Chapu (Purandaradasa) -- Lalgudi G. Jayaraman -- Golden Music Golden Years - Lalgudi G. Jayaraman - Volume 2
Kriti Vatapi Ganapatim -- Seeta Doraiswamy -- Inde du sud : Anthologie de la musique classique (South India)
Kriti: Padavini with Vina and Mrdangam -- Trichy Sankaran -- Laya Vinyas
Kurai Ondrum Illai -- D S D Selvarathinam -- Subhamuhurtham - Nadaswaram
Kurai Onrum Illai - Ragamalika - Adi (Live) -- Kadri Gopalnath, Haridwaramangalam A.K. Palanivel -- Chinnajiru Kiliye (Live)
Maha Ganapathim - Instrumental -- A. Kanyakumari -- This is Carnatic Fusion, Vol. 5
Maha Ganapathim Nata Chatusraekam - original -- Dikshithar, Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Blissful Veena (original)
Mahishasura Mardini Stotra - Revathi - Adi - Instrumental -- Kishore Kumar, Sai Madhukar -- Mood Music - Devotional Instrumentals of South India
Meevalla -- E. Gayathri -- Veena (Carnatic Classical) Vol. 2
Nadhatanumanisam -- A. Kanyakumari -- Strings Of Harmony - Violin On 3 Octaves
Nagavulu Nijamani - Instrumental -- Ramachandra Murthy -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Nagumomu - Abheri -- Tyagaraja, K. S. G. Somanathan -- Mangala Naadaswaram - For Marriages And Auspicious Functions
Nravadhi Sugadha -- T.N. Rajarathnam Pillai -- Music of India: Traditional & Classical
Pullanguzhal -- Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Veena Gana Murali
Raagam Keeravani - Aalapanai -- Akkarai Subhalakshmi -- Keeravani - Ragam, Thaanam, Pallavai
Raga Alapana - Version 2 -- T. R. Mahalingam, L. Subramaniam -- Inde du sud : Anthologie de la musique classique (South India)
Raga Bhairavi / Raagam-Taanam -- T. N. Krishnan -- The Carnatic Violin
Raga Karnaranjani -- Ganesh & Kumaresh -- Thillanas: A Confluence Of Rhythm & Melody
Ragam Tanam Pallavi -- U. Srinivas -- Parjanya
Raghuvamsa Sudha (Raga: Kathanakuthuhalam; Tala: Adi) -- Chitti Babu -- Raghuvamsa Sudha Vol.1
Raja Raja Aradhithe Niroshta Thistra Adi Muthiah Bhagavathar -- Kadri Gopalnath & A.K.Palanivel -- Captivating Sounds of Sax and Thavil
Ramabhirama Darbar Misrachappu -- Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan -- South Indian Classical Music
Rangapura Vihara - Vrindavana Saranga - Rupakam -- Kudamaloor Janardanan, Hari Krishnamoorthy, H. Kishore -- Raghava Murali
Rāga: Kharaharapriya / Ālāpana -- Ranganayaki Rajagopalan -- South India: Ranganayaki Rajagopalan—Continuity in the Karaikudi Vina Style
Saadhinchane - Aarabhi -- Flute J A Jayant -- Pancharatna Kritis - A Flute Duet
Sambho Mahaadeva -- D S D Selvarathinam -- Subhamuhurtham - Nadaswaram
Samininne - Sankarabharanam - Adi (Live) -- Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer, Karaikudi Muthiah Iyer -- Stalwarts (Live)
Sarasuda Varnam (Raga Saveri, Aadi Tala): Jaya Jaya (Raga Nattai, Khanda Chapu Tala) -- Nirmala Rajasekar, Raghavendra Rao, Tanjore K. Murugaboopathi, V. Suresh -- Into the Raga
Seetha Kalyana Vaibhogame -- Phani Narayana -- Amazing Veena
Seethaa Kalyaana - Navroj -- Tyagaraja, K. S. G. Somanathan -- Mangala Naadaswaram - For Marriages And Auspicious Functions
Senthamizh -- Rajhesh Vaidhya -- Bharatiyaar Songs - Veena
Shriman Narayan - Instrumental -- Kishore Kumar, Ramachandra Murthy -- Divine Melodies - The Greatest Devotional Instrumentals
Sree Mahaganapathim -- Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan -- Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan Vol - 1
Sri Chakra Raja -- Rajhesh Vaidhya -- Sudhamayi 1
Sri Kantimateem: Kriti -- N. Ravikiran, Mysore Manjunath, Guruvayoor Dorai -- Music from Madras
Sriganesa Thilang Adi -- Tyagaraja, Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Mahathi Melodies
Srikanthimati - Raga Hemavati - Adi -- U. Srinivas, S. D. Shreedhar -- Classical Icons - U. Srinivas
Swara Raga Sankarabharanam Adi Thyagaraja -- Sheik Chinna Moulana -- South Indian Classical Music
Tanam - Bhairavi - Misra Triputa -- Embar Kannan, K.V. Prasad, S. Karthick, N. Ravikiran -- Navaragini
Tandanana - Instrumental -- S. Ballesh -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Thatwamaria - Reeti Gowla - Adi -- U. Srinivas -- Compositions Of Papanasam Sivam
Thevaram Mangayarkarasi Bowli Adi -- Traditional, Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Mahathi Melodies
Thillana (Lalgudi) -- Lalgudi G. Jayaraman -- String Excellence - Lalgudi G. Jayaraman
Vallabha Nayakasya - Raga Begada -- N. Ravikiran -- Dikshitar Masterpieces
Varnam -- Jayanthi Kumaresh -- Veenai Jayanthi Kumaresh
Varnam -- T. N. Krishnan -- Legendary Solo
Vasantha (Violin Solo) -- Apoorva Krishna -- Apoorva Thillanas
Vatapi - Hamsadwani - Adi - Live -- Kadri Gopalnath -- Chidanandam (Live at Chidambaram Shri Sabapathy Sangeetha Gana Sabha)
Vatapiganapatim -- Raghunath Manet -- Yal Isai
Vathapi - Hamsadwani - Adi -- Trichy L. Saravanan -- Classical Flute Collections
Vathapi Ganapathim Bhajeham -- Phani Narayana -- Amazing Veena
Vathapi Ganapathim Bhajeham -- Phani Narayana -- Mood Music - Cool Carnatic Instrumentals
Vinayaka: Raag Hamsadhwani - Aadi -- Vikku Vinayakram, V. Selvaganesh, V. Umashankar -- Together
