This Is Rossini
The greatest operatic and orchestral works of Rossini, featuring William Tell, The Barber of Seville and Cinderella.

2 Nouvelles compositions: No. 1, À Grenade -- Gioachino Rossini, Giuseppina Bridelli, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 10
Armida, Act I: Sinfonia -- Gioachino Rossini, Prague Sinfonia, Christian Benda -- Rossini: Complete Overtures, Vol. 4
Canzonetta spagnuola -- Gioachino Rossini, Giuseppina Bridelli, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 10
Duetto Buffo Di Due Gatti "Cat Duet" -- Gioachino Rossini, Michel Piquemal, Jean-Claude Pennetier, Evelyne Razimowsky, Ensemble Vocal Michel Piquemal -- Rossini-Oeuvres vocales-Duo des chats-Ave maria-Promenade
Giovanna d'Arco - Cantata a voce sola con piano -- Gioachino Rossini, Cecilia Bartoli, Charles Spencer -- Rossini: Giovanna d'Arco; 19 songs
Il Barbiere di Siviglia (1996 Digital Remaster): Se il mio nome saper voi bramate (Conte/Rosina/Figaro) -- Gioachino Rossini, Beverly Sills, Nicolai Gedda, Sherrill Milnes, Renato Capecchi, Ruggero Raimondi, Michael Rippon, John Alldis Choir, Joseph Galiano, London Symphony Orchestra, James Levine, Fedora Barbieri -- Rossini: Il Barbiere di Siviglia
Il barbiere di Siviglia / Act 2: No.15 Temporale (Thunderstorm) -- Gioachino Rossini, Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra, Bruno Bartoletti -- Rossini: Il Barbiere di Siviglia
Il barbiere di Siviglia / Act I: No. 8 Aria: "A un dottor della mia sorte" -- Gioachino Rossini, Enzo Dara, London Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado -- Rossini: Il barbiere di Siviglia; La Cenerentola; L'Italiana in Algeri; Il viaggio a Reims
Il barbiere di Siviglia / Act II: No. 19 Finaletto II: "Di sì felice innesto" -- Gioachino Rossini, Stefania Malagu, Teresa Berganza, Luigi Alva, Hermann Prey, Enzo Dara, Paolo Montarsolo, Ambrosian Opera Chorus, London Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado -- Rossini: Il barbiere di Siviglia; La Cenerentola; L'Italiana in Algeri; Il viaggio a Reims
Il barbiere di Siviglia: Overture (Sinfonia) -- Gioachino Rossini, Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra, Bruno Bartoletti -- Rossini: Il Barbiere di Siviglia
Il turco in Italia: Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, Prague Sinfonia, Christian Benda -- Rossini: Complete Overtures, Vol. 4
Il viaggio a Reims: Dell'alma diva (Live) -- Gioachino Rossini, Mirco Palazzi, Poznan Camerata Bach Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani -- Rossini: Il viaggio a Reims (Live)
Introduction, Theme and Variations for Clarinet and Orchestra in E-Flat Major - Cadenza: Charles Neidich: Introduzione: Andante (sostenuto) -- Gioachino Rossini, Charles Neidich, Orpheus Chamber Orchestra -- Rossini: Overtures; Introduction, Theme and Variations for Clarinet and Orchestra
L'Italiana in Algeri (the Italian Girl in Algiers), Act I Scene 8: Aria. Gia d'insolito ardore nel petto [Mustafa] -- Gioachino Rossini, Lorenzo Regazzo, Alberto Zedda, Ruth Gonzalez, Elsa Giannoulidou, Giulio Mastrototaro, Lawrence Brownlee, Marianna Pizzolato, Bruno De Simone, Transylvania State Philharmonic Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis -- Rossini: L'Italiana in Algeri
L'Italiana in Algeri (the Italian Girl in Algiers), Act II Scene 4: Aria. Ho un gran peso sulla testa [Taddeo, Chorus] -- Gioachino Rossini, Lorenzo Regazzo, Alberto Zedda, Ruth Gonzalez, Elsa Giannoulidou, Giulio Mastrototaro, Lawrence Brownlee, Marianna Pizzolato, Bruno De Simone, Transylvania State Philharmonic Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis -- Rossini: L'Italiana in Algeri
L'italiana in Algeri: Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, Prague Sinfonia, Christian Benda -- Rossini: Complete Overtures, Vol. 3
La Cenerentola / Act 1: "No, no, no non v'è" -- Gioachino Rossini, Fernanda Costa, Gloria Banditelli, Orchestra del Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Riccardo Chailly -- Rossini: La Cenerentola
La Cenerentola / Act 1: "Signor, una parola" -- Gioachino Rossini, Teresa Berganza, Paolo Montarsolo, Renato Capecchi, Luigi Alva, Ugo Trama, London Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado -- Rossini: Il barbiere di Siviglia; La Cenerentola; L'Italiana in Algeri; Il viaggio a Reims
La Cenerentola / Act 2: "Nacqui all'affanno e al pianto...Non più mesta" -- Gioachino Rossini, Marilyn Horne, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Henry Lewis -- The Spectacular Voice of Marilyn Horne
La Cenerentola / Act 2: "Sia qualunque delle figlie" -- Gioachino Rossini, Paolo Montarsolo, London Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado -- Rossini: La Cenerentola
La Cenerentola / Act 2: Temporale -- Gioachino Rossini, Orchestra del Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Riccardo Chailly -- Rossini: La Cenerentola
La Cenerentola: "Sì, ritrovarla io giuro" -- Gioachino Rossini, Javier Camarena, Les Musiciens du Prince-Monaco, Gianluca Capuano -- Rossini: La Cenerentola: "Sì, ritrovarla io giuro"
La Cenerentola: Overture (Sinfonia) -- Gioachino Rossini, Orchestra del Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Riccardo Chailly -- Rossini: La Cenerentola
La gazza ladra, Act II: A mio nome, deh, consegna (Live) -- Gioachino Rossini, María José Moreno, Mariana Rewerski, Virtuosi Brunensis, Alberto Zedda -- Rossini: La gazza ladra (Live)
La gazza ladra: Sinfonia (Live) -- Gioachino Rossini, Virtuosi Brunensis, Alberto Zedda -- Rossini: La gazza ladra (Live)
La regata veneziana: 1. Anzoleta avanti la regata -- Gioachino Rossini, Cecilia Bartoli, Charles Spencer -- Rossini: Giovanna d'Arco; 19 songs
Largo al factotum -- Gioachino Rossini, Simon Keenlyside, Ulf Schirmer -- Tales Of Opera
Mosè in Egitto / Act 1: No. 1 Introduzione: "Ah! Chi ne aiuta! Oh ciel!" -- Gioachino Rossini, Philharmonia Orchestra, Claudio Scimone, Siegmund Nimsgern, Ernesto Palacio, Zehava Gal, Ambrosian Opera Chorus -- Rossini: Mosè in Egitto
Otello, ossia Il moro di Venezia, Act I: Cavatina. Ah si, per voi gia sento (Otello, Jago, Choir) -- Gioachino Rossini, Michael Spyres, Transylvania State Philharmonic Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Jessica Pratt, Ugo Guagliardo, Filippo Adami, Giorgio Trucco, Geraldine Chauvet, Sean Spyres, Hugo Colin, Leonardo Cortellazzi -- Rossini: Otello
Otello, ossia Il moro di Venezia, Act III: Scene, Air, Duet and Finale III: Ah!… Dagli affanni oppressa (Desdemona, Emilia) -- Gioachino Rossini, Michael Spyres, Transylvania State Philharmonic Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Jessica Pratt, Ugo Guagliardo, Filippo Adami, Giorgio Trucco, Geraldine Chauvet, Sean Spyres, Hugo Colin, Leonardo Cortellazzi -- Rossini: Otello
Péchés de vieillesse, Vol. 11 "Miscellanée de musique vocale": No. 1, Ariette villageoise -- Gioachino Rossini, Giuseppina Bridelli, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 10
Péchés de vieillesse, Vol. 2 "Album français": No. 4, Complainte à 2 voix "Un sou" -- Gioachino Rossini, Alessandro Luciano, Vittorio Prato, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 11
Péchés de vieillesse, Vol. 5, Album pour les enfants adolescents: No. 1, Premiere Communion -- Gioachino Rossini, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 3
Péchés de vieillesse, Vol. 6, Album pour les enfants degourdis: No. 8, Barcarole -- Gioachino Rossini, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 2
Rossini : La Cenerentola : Act 2 "Della Fortuna instabile" [Chorus] -- Gioachino Rossini, Carlo Rizzi, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden -- Rossini : La Cenerentola
Rossini : La Cenerentola : Act 2 "Un segreto d'importanza" [Dandini, Magnifico] -- Gioachino Rossini, Gino Quilico, Alessandro Corbelli, Carlo Rizzi & Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Carlo Rizzi, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden -- Rossini : La Cenerentola
Rossini: Armida, Act 3 Scene 10: "Dove son io? … Fuggi" (Armida) -- Gioachino Rossini, Joyce DiDonato, Orchestra dell' Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, Roma, Edoardo Muller, Coro dell'Accademia Nazionale Di Santa Cecilia, Lawrence Brownlee, Corrado Amici, Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia -- Rossini: Colbran, the Muse (opera arias)
Rossini: Guillaume Tell, Act 3 Scene 2: Danse (Pas de trois. Allegro) -- Gioachino Rossini, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra/Lamberto Gardelli, Lamberto Gardelli, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra -- Rossini: Guillaume Tell
Rossini: Guillaume Tell, Act 4 Scene 11: "Pourquoi ta presence, ô mon père! ... Tout change et grandit en ces lieux!" (Arnold, Guillaume, Hedwige, Jemmy, Mathilde, Gessler, Walter, Chorus) -- Gioachino Rossini, Mady Mesplé/Jocelyne Taillon/Gabriel Bacquier/Nicolai Gedda/Ambrosian Opera Chorus/Royal Philharmonic Orchestra/Lamberto Gardelli, Lamberto Gardelli, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra -- Rossini: Guillaume Tell
Rossini: Il Barbiere di Siviglia, Act 1: "Una voce poco fà" (Rosina) -- Gioachino Rossini, Beverly Sills, Nicolai Gedda, Sherrill Milnes, Renato Capecchi, Ruggero Raimondi, Michael Rippon, John Alldis Choir, Joseph Galiano, London Symphony Orchestra, James Levine, Fedora Barbieri, John Constable -- Rossini: Il Barbiere di Siviglia
Rossini: Stabat Mater: I. Stabat Mater dolorosa (Soprano, Mezzo-soprano, Tenor, Bass, Chorus) -- Gioachino Rossini, Anna Netrebko, Joyce DiDonato, Lawrence Brownlee, Ildebrando D'Arcangelo, Orchestra dell' Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, Roma, Coro dell'Accademia Nazionale Di Santa Cecilia, Antonio Pappano, Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
Semiramide, Act I Scene 8: Ah dov'e, dov'e il cimento? (Idreno) -- Gioachino Rossini, Alex Penda, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Marianna Pizzolato, Lorenzo Regazzo, John Osborn, Andrea Mastroni, Marija Jokovic, Vassilis Kavayas, Raffaele Facciola, Poznan Camerata Bach Choir -- Rossini: Semiramide
Semiramide, Act II Scene 11: Al mio pregar t'arrendi - L'usato ardir (Semiramide, Arsace, Assur, Oroe) -- Gioachino Rossini, Alex Penda, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Marianna Pizzolato, Lorenzo Regazzo, John Osborn, Andrea Mastroni, Marija Jokovic, Vassilis Kavayas, Raffaele Facciola, Poznan Camerata Bach Choir -- Rossini: Semiramide
Semiramide: Sinfonia -- Gioachino Rossini, Alex Penda, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Marianna Pizzolato, Lorenzo Regazzo, John Osborn, Andrea Mastroni, Marija Jokovic, Vassilis Kavayas, Raffaele Facciola, Poznan Camerata Bach Choir -- Rossini: Semiramide
Serenata in E flat -- Gioachino Rossini, Filarmonici del Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Riccardo Chailly -- Rossini: String Sonatas, etc.
Sinfonia in D - "al Conventello" - ed. Philip Gossett -- Gioachino Rossini, Filarmonici del Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Riccardo Chailly -- Rossini: String Sonatas, Vol.2
Sonata for Strings No. 2 in A Major: I. Allegro (Version for orchestra) -- Gioachino Rossini, Hungarian Virtuosi, Tamás Benedek -- Rossini: String Sonatas Nos. 1- 3
Sonata for Strings No. 6 in D Major, "La tempesta": III. Tempesta. Allegro (Version for orchestra) -- Gioachino Rossini, Hungarian Virtuosi, Tamás Benedek -- Rossini: Sonatas for Strings Nos. 4-6
Stabat Mater: Amen. In sempiterna saecula -- Gioachino Rossini, Riccardo Muti, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino -- Rossini: Stabat Mater - Petite Messe Solennelle
Stabat Mater: Cujus animam gementem -- Gioachino Rossini, Lawrence Brownlee, Orchestra dell' Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, Roma, Antonio Pappano, Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
Stabat Mater: Fac, ut portem Christi mortem -- Gioachino Rossini, Riccardo Muti, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino -- Rossini: Stabat Mater - Petite Messe Solennelle
Stabat Mater: III. Quis est homo (Duet) -- Gioachino Rossini, Howard Arman -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
Stabat Mater: Quando corpus morietur -- Gioachino Rossini, Riccardo Muti, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino -- Rossini: Stabat Mater - Petite Messe Solennelle
Stabat Mater: Sancta mater, istud agas -- Gioachino Rossini, Riccardo Muti, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino -- Rossini: Stabat Mater - Petite Messe Solennelle
Stabat Mater: V. Eia, mater (Recitativo and Chorus) -- Gioachino Rossini, Howard Arman -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
Stabat Mater: VIII. Inflammatus (Aria and Chorus) -- Gioachino Rossini, Howard Arman -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
The Barber of Seville, Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, The King's Singers -- The Sound of The King's Singers
Variazzioni di clarinetto in C Major -- Gioachino Rossini, Prague Philharmonia, Jiří Bělohlávek, Ludmila Peterková -- Mendelssohn, Rossini and Bruch: Works for Clarinet and Orchestra
Waltz in E-Flat Major -- Gioachino Rossini, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 6
William Tell : Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, Sir Neville Marriner, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields -- 1812 Overture - The Greatest Classical Anthems