This Is Pauline Oliveros
This is Pauline Oliveros. The essential tracks, all in one playlist.

"Blow Winds" -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
A Love Song - Live Field Recording -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well / The Gentle
Alien Makeover -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Altamirage III -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz -- Altamirage
Altamirage IV -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz -- Altamirage
Arc Hive -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
Boone Bog -- Pauline Oliveros -- Reverberations: Tape & Electronic Music 1961-1970
Bye Bye Butterfly -- Pauline Oliveros -- New Music for Electronic and Recorded Media: Women In Electronic Music - 1977
Calluna Vulgaris -- Pauline Oliveros, Lisa Dillan, Øyvind Storesund, Else Olsen Storesund -- Botanikk
Cows, Cows, Cows! -- Pauline Oliveros -- Air Texture III Deadbeat + DJ Olive
Crossing the Sands -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Cyber Talk -- Doug Van Nort, Francisco López, Pauline Oliveros, Jonas Braasch -- Quartet for the End of Space
Devil in the Details -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Display of Plasma -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Favorite Spark -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Filtered Reality -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Ghosting -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Grains -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Gravity Wins -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Growler -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Ione -- Pauline Oliveros, Stuart Dempster, Panaiotis -- Deep Listening
Jupiter Smiles -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Maritime Rites: Rattlesnake Mountain -- Alvin Curran, Pauline Oliveros -- Alvin Curran: Maritime Rites
Monkey -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Nike -- Pauline Oliveros, Stuart Dempster, Panaiotis -- Deep Listening
Pauline Oliveros - I of IV -- Pauline Oliveros -- New Sounds In Electronic Music
Private Journeys -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Quartetto Telematico #1 -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch, Chris Chafe -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Quartetto Telematico #2 -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch, Chris Chafe -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Quartetto Telematico #5 -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch, Chris Chafe -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Quartetto Telematico #6 -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch, Chris Chafe -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Rattlesnake Mountain -- Pauline Oliveros -- Accordion & Voice
Shear Viscosity -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Slipping Away -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Sonic Mercury -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Striations -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
The First Set / Area 4 (Solo) / A Little Noise In The System (Moog System) -- Evan Parker, Pauline Oliveros, Anthony Braxton -- Sound Unbound : Excerpts And Allegories From The Sub Rosa Audio Archives
The Longest Song in the World -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
The Well -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well / The Gentle
The Well / The Gentle -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well / The Gentle
Then we were not there -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Three of a Mind -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
Traces -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass II -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass III -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass IV -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass V -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Vaporization -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Venus Rising -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Who Said What? -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
