Top 50 - Iceland
Your daily update of the most played tracks right now - Iceland.

All I Want for Christmas Is You -- Mariah Carey -- Merry Christmas
Do They Know It's Christmas? - 1984 Version -- Band Aid -- Do They Know It's Christmas?
Driving Home for Christmas - 2019 Remaster -- Chris Rea -- Dancing with Strangers (Deluxe Edition, 2019 Remaster)
Dvel ég í draumahöll -- Hafdís Huld -- Vögguvísur
Ef ég nenni -- Helgi Björnsson -- Jólagestir Björgvins 3
Eitt lítið jólalag -- Birgitta Haukdal -- 100 íslensk jólalög
Feliz Navidad -- José Feliciano -- My Name Is José Feliciano
Gleði og friðarjól -- Siggi Pálma, Pálmi Gunnarsson -- Friðarjól
Happy Xmas (War Is Over) - Remastered 2010 -- John Lennon, Yoko Ono -- Signature Box
Holly Jolly Christmas -- Michael Bublé -- Christmas
Hugurinn fer hærra -- Frostrósir -- Frostrósir fagna
It's Beginning to Look a Lot like Christmas -- Michael Bublé -- Christmas
It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year -- Andy Williams -- The Andy Williams Christmas Album
Jingle Bell Rock -- Bobby Helms -- Jingle Bell Rock/Captain Santa Claus (And His Reindeer Space Patrol)
Jólahjól -- Sniglabandið -- Sniglabandið 1985 - 1995
Jólastund -- Stuðkompaníið -- 100 íslensk jólalög
Jólin alls staðar -- Elly Vilhjálms, Vilhjálmur Vilhjálmsson -- Elly og Vilhjálmur syngja jólalög
Jólin eru að koma -- Í svörtum fötum -- 100 íslensk jólalög
Jólin eru okkar -- Baggalútur, Valdimar Guðmundsson, BRÍET -- Jólin eru okkar
Kósíheit par exelans -- Baggalútur -- Jól og blíða
Last Christmas -- Wham! -- LAST CHRISTMAS
Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow! (with The B. Swanson Quartet) -- Frank Sinatra, B. Swanson Quartet -- Christmas Songs by Sinatra
Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow! -- Dean Martin -- A Winter Romance
Litlar stjörnur -- Hafdís Huld -- Vögguvísur
Ljós -- Hafdís Huld -- Vögguvísur
Merry Christmas -- Ed Sheeran, Elton John -- = (Christmas Edition)
Mistletoe -- Justin Bieber -- Under The Mistletoe (Deluxe Edition)
Nei, nei, ekki um jólin -- HLH flokkurinn -- Jól í góðu lagi
Nú mega jólin fara fyrir mér -- Baggalútur -- Jólaland
Nú mega jólin koma fyrir mér -- Sigurður Guðmundsson, Memfismafían -- Nú stendur mikið til
Rockin' Around The Christmas Tree -- Brenda Lee -- Merry Christmas From Brenda Lee
Santa Tell Me -- Ariana Grande -- Santa Tell Me
Sleigh Ride -- The Ronettes -- Sleigh Ride
Snjókorn falla -- Laddi -- Jóla hvað?
Snowman -- Sia -- Everyday Is Christmas (Deluxe Edition)
Snæfinnur snjókarl -- Björgvin Halldórsson -- Bestu jólalög Björgvins
Sofa urtubörn -- Hafdís Huld -- Vögguvísur
Sofðu unga ástin mín -- Hafdís Huld -- Vögguvísur
Styttist í það -- Baggalútur -- Styttist í það
Stúfur -- Baggalútur, Friðrik Dór -- Jólaland
The Christmas Song (Merry Christmas To You) -- Nat King Cole -- The Christmas Song (Expanded Edition)
Underneath the Tree -- Kelly Clarkson -- Wrapped In Red
White Christmas -- Bing Crosby, Ken Darby Singers, John Scott Trotter & His Orchestra -- Holiday Inn (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
Wonderful Christmastime - Edited Version / Remastered 2011 -- Paul McCartney -- McCartney II (Special Edition)
Ég hlakka svo til -- Svala, Björgvin Halldórsson -- Jólagestir Björgvins: Vinsælustu lögin 1987-2014
Ég sá mömmu kyssa jólasvein -- Ruth Reginalds -- 100 íslensk jólalög
Óskasteinar -- Hafdís Huld -- Vögguvísur
Það snjóar -- Sigurður Guðmundsson, Memfismafían -- Nú stendur mikið til
Þegar Þú Blikkar (feat. Björgvin Halldórsson) -- Herra Hnetusmjör, Björgvin Halldórsson -- Þegar Þú Blikkar (feat. Björgvin Halldórsson)
Þú komst með jólin til mín -- Björgvin Halldórsson, Ruth Reginalds -- Ég kem með jólin til þín